(SERVER-2822) Doc updates for multithreaded mode (#2360)
puppetlabs/puppetserver: documentation/puppet_server_metrics.markdown

#### JRuby metrics

> Puppet Server uses an embedded JRuby interpreter to execute Ruby code. In normal mode, JRuby spawns parallel instances known as JRubies to execute Ruby code, which occurs during most Puppet Server activities. In multithreaded mode, a single JRuby is used instead to process a limited number of threads in parallel. For each of these metrics, they refer to JRuby instances in normal mode and JRuby threads in multithreaded mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Puppet Server uses an embedded JRuby interpreter to execute Ruby code. By default, JRuby spawns parallel instances known as JRubies to execute Ruby code, which occurs during most Puppet Server activities. When `multithreaded` is set to `true`, a single JRuby is used instead to process a limited number of threads in parallel. For each of these metrics, they refer to JRuby instances by default and JRuby threads in multithreaded mode.
```
